are all cgm devices the same?
are antibiotics useful when i have rsv?
are any other methods used for immunophenotyping?
are any other procedures done to help evaluate conditions involving the peritoneum?
are arboviruses something i should worry about when i travel?
are calcitonin levels elevated in other conditions besides c-cell hyperplasia and medullary thyroid cancer?
are men screened for hpv infection?
are men tested for progesterone?
are myoglobin tests used to help diagnose heart attacks?
are people who have no symptoms ever tested for wnv?
are some antibiotics more likely to cause antibiotic-related diarrhea?
are some people at a higher risk for developing a carcinoid tumor?
are some people at a higher risk for developing a pheochromocytoma or neuroblastoma?
are some people more at risk for a heart attack than others?
are the illicit synthetic forms of marijuana such as k2 and spice the same thing as thc and can they be detected by marijuana testing?
are there any other genetic tests that will diagnose ad?
are there any side effects of performing a cea test?
are there any symptoms associated with a high level of triglycerides?
are there conditions other than vasculitis and inflammatory bowel disease that can cause a positive anca?
are there dietary recommendations for chloride?
are there different ways to measure testosterone as well as free and bioavailable testosterone?
are there home test kits available to test my urine?
are there home test kits for determining if i am at risk for a heart attack?
are there medications that can affect adh levels?
are there other adipokines besides leptin?
are there other causes of vwf deficiency besides inherited causes?
are there other genetic abnormalities associated with neoplastic hypereosinophilia or hypereosinophilic syndrome (he/hes)?
are there other genetic changes that my healthcare practitioner may test for with leukemia?
are there other genetic mutations associated with mpns?
are there other non-invasive screening tests for these disorders?
are there other reasons for having increased urine albumin levels?
are there other reasons to do a lumbar puncture?
are there other reasons to do an arthrocentesis?
are there other reasons to do a paracentesis?
are there other reasons to do a pericardiocentesis?
are there other reasons to do a thoracentesis?
are there other things that cause anemia besides iron deficiency?
are there other tumor markers used in ovarian cancer?
are there other types of strep bacteria that can cause a sore throat?
are there other types of testing that evaluate egfr in tumors?
are there other types of tests available for ebv?
are there other uses for the shbg test?
are there other uses for vitamin d?
are there other ways of testing for resistance?
are there other ways to estimate or determine the glomerular filtration rate (gfr) of my kidneys?
are there other ways to measure lactate than by sending a blood sample to the lab for testing?
are there other ways to test for celiac disease?
are there other ways to test for intestinal parasites besides a stool exam?
are there over-the-counter (otc) at-home fobts and are they just as good as stool tests performed by laboratories?
are there symptoms associated with decreased immunoglobulins?
are there symptoms i should recognize if my rbcs are dangerously low or high?
are there things that i can do to raise or lower my free t4 level?
are there things that i can do to raise or lower my tsh level?
are there treatments available for decreased or dysfunctional fibrinogen?
are there vaccines for arboviruses?
are there warning signs for abnormally low hemoglobin levels?
are there ways to protect myself and my family from lead exposure?
are there ways to protect myself and my family if i have a job where i may be exposed to lead?
are there ways to test for g6pd deficiency other than enzyme testing?
are these tests always performed together as a panel?
are these tests always run as a panel?
are the two tests always done together?
are those parasitic worms i'm seeing in my stool sample?
are thyroid antibodies part of routine thyroid testing?
besides abo and rh, are there other types of red blood cell antigens?
besides anca, what other lab tests may be done?
besides a neuroendocrine tumor, what else can cause elevated cga levels?
besides antibody and molecular tests, are there other ways of testing for toxoplasmosis?
besides antibody tests, what other tests may be ordered?
besides asca, what other testing may be done?
besides blood and urine, can other body fluids be tested for glucose?
besides glucose, what other tests might be done?
besides hcv testing, what other tests might be done?
besides her2, what other laboratory tests may my healthcare provider order on my breast cancer tissue?
besides hpv, what are other risk factors for cervical cancer in women?
besides infertility, is inhibin testing used for other conditions?
besides inhibin b, what other tests may be done?
besides lung cancer, are there other types of cancers that have increased egfr protein?
besides nips, what are the other options for prenatal screening?
besides ovarian tumors, is inhibin testing used for other conditions?
besides sirolimus testing, what other tests might be done and why?
besides tb, what other types of mycobacteria can be identified with afb testing?
besides tests for legionella pneumophila, what other testing may be done?
besides urine and saliva, what other types of samples may be used for marijuana testing?
besides zpp and lead levels, what other tests might my doctor order to monitor exposure to lead?
can a blood sample be used instead of a tissue sample to perform these tests?
can a blood sample from a fingerstick be used to diagnose diabetes?
can a blood test be substituted for a stool calprotectin test?
can a chromosome analysis be performed in my healthcare provider's office?
can a crp test be performed in my doctor's office?
can adequate erythropoietin production by my kidneys be restored?
can a fructosamine test be used to screen for diabetes?
can a healthy diet and nutrition help keep optimal hemoglobin levels?
can amniotic fluid analysis be performed in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can an afp test be performed at home or in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can an anti-dnase b or an aso be used to diagnose strep throat?
can an apo a-i test be performed in my doctor's office or at home?
can an apo b test be performed in my doctor's office or at home?
can an hiv rna test be used to screen for hiv?
can anticentromere testing be done at my healthcare practitioner's office?
can a pleural effusion go away on its own?
can aso be used to diagnose strep throat?
can a throat swab be used instead of a nasopharyngeal sample from my nose? 
can a urinalysis be done in my healthcare practitioner’s office?
can a urine culture be used to test for infections other than utis, such as sexually transmitted diseases (stds)?
can a wbc count be performed on a sample other than blood?
can a white blood cell (wbc) differential be performed on samples other than blood?
can babies get gbs infections more than 7 days after they are born?
can bacterial pneumonia be prevented?
can b vitamins be measured at home or in my doctor's office?
can clopidogrel resistance testing be done in my healthcare provider's office?
can cystatin c be measured in my urine?
can dengue fever be passed from person to person?
can dengue fever be prevented?
can diabetes insipidus be treated?
can disorders detected through amniotic fluid analysis be prevented?
can ebv cause other serious illnesses?
can e-cigarettes and vaping cause a positive nicotine result?
can either blood or urine be used for the mma test?
can flow cytometry immunophenotyping be done at my local laboratory?
can gestational trophoblastic disease (gtd) be prevented?
can glucose testing be done when i have not fasted?
can histamine testing be done in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can i be colonized with mrsa and not know it?
can i be fired from my job for testing positive for marijuana in areas of the u.s. where it has been legalized?
can i be tested for ccp antibody in my doctor's office?
can i be tested for cholinesterase in my healthcare provider's office?
can i be vaccinated against hcv?
can i buy a cgm device over-the-counter?
can i change my b vitamin levels?
can i choose either a blood or a urine b2m test?
can i choose either a blood (total or free) or urine copper test?
can i develop rheumatic fever or glomerulonephritis at the same time as my strep throat?
can i do a c-peptide test at home like i can when i check my blood glucose?
can i do an insulin test at home?
can i do anything to change my antithrombin activity or quantity?
can i do anything to increase my production of lactase?
can i do this test at home?
can i drink water before or during the test?
can i get antibodies from donating blood?
can i get diabetic ketoacidosis if i have type 2 diabetes? 
can i get htlv-i/ii from donating blood?
can i get infectious mononucleosis more than once?
can i get mrsa more than once?
can i get my vitamin d from yogurt and cheese?
can i get rid of intrinsic factor antibodies?
can i have abnormal test results and not have kidney disease?
can i have abnormal test results and not have liver disease?
can i have an abnormal pth level without having symptoms?
can i have an ama or ama-m2 test done in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can i have an inhibin test to screen for ovarian tumors or ovarian cancer?
can i have an intrinsic factor antibody test done at my doctor's office?
can i have an lp(a) test done in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can i have a normal pregnancy after having gtd?
can i have a sweat chloride test done at my healthcare provider's office?
can i have a tuberculosis (tb) infection and not be sick?
can i have b12 and folate tests done in my doctor's office?
can i have cah if no cyp21a2 gene mutations were detected during genetic testing?
can i have decreased or abnormal fibrinogen and not know it?
can i have iron deficiency if i feel fine?
can i have ketosis or ketoacidosis and not know it? 
can i have kidney disease if i feel fine?
can i have liver disease if i feel fine?
can i have more than one cause of hepatitis?
can i have more than one pheochromocytoma at once?
can i have my blood tested for beta amyloid and tau instead of my csf?
can i have my blood tested instead of having a tissue biopsy?
can i have my level tested at home?
can i have my test performed in my healthcare practitioner’s office?
can i have oats in my diet?
can i have the ceruloplasmin test done in my healthcare provider's office?
can i have the haptoglobin test done in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can i have the smrp test done in my healthcare provider's office?
can i have vwd and not know it?
can i just do the screening fecal fat test and not the 72-hour test?
can i just order the test on the internet and perform it at home?
can i just test my blood or urine instead of the stone?
can il-6 be measured in samples other than blood?
can i lower my il-6 level?
can i monitor my child’s type 1 diabetes with a cgm device?
can i monitor myself at home?
can i monitor triglyceride levels at home?
can i perform this test at home?
can i prevent, decrease, or get rid of parietal cell antibodies?
can i receive alk kinase inhibitor drug therapy and still not benefit from it?
can i receive one of these therapies and still not benefit from it?
can i skip the digital rectal exam (dre) and just collect a urine sample?
can i still get the flu if i've had the vaccine?
can i take an alk kinase inhibitor drug therapy without being tested?
can i take a targeted therapy drug without being tested?
can i test for fructosamine at home?
can i test for ketones in my urine instead of my blood? 
can i test for protein in my urine at home?
can i test my blood glucose levels at home?
can i test my hemoglobin at home?
can i test my ldl cholesterol at home?
can i test my levetiracetam level at my healthcare practitioner's office?
can i test my lipids at home?
can i test my lithium level at home?
can i test my phenytoin level at home?
can i test myself for hcv at home?
can i test my valproic acid level at my doctor's office?
can i test negative and still have a respiratory infection?
can i test negative and still have the flu?
can i test positive from secondhand smoke?
can i test vancomycin levels at home?
can i use a device for longer than indicated?
can legionella bacterial contamination and infection be prevented?
can leptin testing be performed in my doctor's office?
can lupus anticoagulant interfere with the act test?
can medical providers release medical ethanol test results for legal purposes?
can medications that i am taking affect the amylase level?
can mg be inherited?
can mg be passed from one person to another?
can molecular testing be performed in my healthcare provider's office or my local hospital laboratory?
can myasthenia gravis affect my heart?
can my blood be tested for ada?
can mycoplasma infections be avoided?
can my doctor diagnose tuberculosis without testing my pleural fluid?
can my ggt level be elevated if i don't have any symptoms?
can my hdl-c be too high?
can my healthcare practitioner choose from a variety of platelet function tests?
can my hematocrit be tested at home?
can my mthfr genes change?
can my rbc count be tested at my doctor’s office?
can my state of mind really affect my test results?
can my test be performed in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can other drugs i take affect theophylline levels?
can platelet function assays be used to assess clopidogrel response?
can porphyrin tests be done at my healthcare practitioner's office?
can preterm labor and delivery be prevented?
can protein be measured in samples other than blood?
can results of testing be used to determine the course of my cancer?
can results of testing be used to determine the course of my cancer (prognosis)?
can serum free light chain testing be done at home or in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can someone prevent cryoglobulin-related symptoms?
can stones form in other parts of the urinary tract besides the kidney?
can taking too many vitamin b12 and folic acid supplements hurt me?
can testing be performed in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can testing for mycoplasma be performed in my doctor's office?
can thc screening detect if i’m using medical marijuana or a prescribed form of cannabis?
can the anca test be performed at my local lab?
can the anti-dsdna test be performed at my healthcare practitioner's office?
can the aso test be performed in my doctor's office?
can the dheas test be performed in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can the ena panel be performed at my healthcare practitioner's office?
can the fecal fat test be done in my doctor's office?
can the heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (hit) antibody test be done in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can the lh test be used to tell if i have ovulated?
can the reticulocyte count be done on the same tube of blood as the rbc count or cbc?
can these tests be used to diagnose diabetes?
can the test be done in my doctor's office?
can the test be performed in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can the thrombin time be performed in my doctor's office?
can the total ige test be performed in my doctor’s office?
can this test be done at my healthcare practitioner’s office?
can this test be done at my local lab?
can this test be done at my local laboratory?
can this test be done in a doctor's office?
can this test be done in my doctor's office?
can this test be done in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can this test be performed at my healthcare practitioner’s office?
can this test be performed by my local laboratory?
can this test be performed in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can this test be performed in my healthcare practitioner’s office?
can this test be performed in my healthcare provider's office?
can this test be performed on my blood instead?
can thrombin time be used for monitoring dabigatran therapy?
can thyroglobulin testing be performed in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can thyroid antibody testing be done in my doctor's office?
can’t i just take stomach medicines to address my excess gastrin and stomach acid?
can tnf inhibitor therapy cure my autoimmune disorder?
can tryptase testing be done in my doctor's office?
can urine be tested instead of blood?
can urine samples be tested for glucose?
can vegetarians meet their phosphorus needs without resorting to meat or dairy?
can vitamin a testing be done in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can vwf testing be performed in my doctor's office?
can warfarin sensitivity testing be done in my doctor's office?
can water be tested for legionella bacteria?
can whooping cough testing be done in my healthcare practitioner's office?
can you get shingles by being exposed to someone who has active symptoms of shingles?
can you outgrow or desensitize yourself to celiac disease?
can zika be prevented?
can zika virus be passed from person to person?
could any medications i may be taking have an effect on my homocysteine level?
could i calculate my own egfr?
do adults get mono?
do all men have estrogens?
do all people with iron deficiency have anemia?
do all people with iron deficiency have anemia? what are the symptoms?
do all states require or offer newborn screening for cf? do i need to request it?
do any forms of tobacco not contain nicotine?
do chickenpox and shingles occur throughout the world?
do creatinine levels change with age?
do diet and nutrition help keep rbcs at healthy levels?
do ebv infection and mono occur throughout the world?
do elevated amylase levels always mean that i have a pancreatic condition?
do elevated lipase levels always mean i have a pancreatic condition?
does anemia due to iron deficiency happen quickly or does it take a long time?
does chickenpox leave scars? 
does donating blood affect my iron level?
does early detection of beta cell destruction allow its prevention?
does everyone metabolize alcohol at the same rate?
does everyone with elevated androstenedione have symptoms?
does everyone with elevated dheas have symptoms?
does everyone with hit antibodies develop hit ii?
does gbs cause serious infections in adults?
does having chlamydia put me at greater risk for other stds?
does her2-targeted therapy work for every tumor that is her2-positive?
does histamine do anything besides cause allergic reaction symptoms?
does it matter whether i have a lactoferrin or a calprotectin test?
does it matter which antibodies i have?
does kidney damage go away?
does lactose intolerance only apply to breast milk and cow's milk?
does my risk of being a carrier vary depending on my ethnic background?
does my sample for a dheas level have to be drawn at a certain time of day like other hormone tests?
does nips test for open neural tube defects such as spina bifida?
does ovarian cancer run in families?
does soy milk have lactose in it?
does testing non-hdl-c have some advantages compared to ldl-c?
does the amount of plasma free metanephrines detected correspond to the size of the tumor?
does the amount of urine metanephrines detected correspond to the size of the tumor?
does the epstein-barr virus (ebv) cause chronic fatigue syndrome?
does the type and/or amount of heparin i receive make a difference in my risk for developing hit?
does the vaccine have any risks?
does this mean my drug levels do not have to be monitored?
does this test detect all genetic causes of cystic fibrosis?
do healthcare practitioners test thyroid hormones during pregnancy?
do healthcare practitioners test tsh during pregnancy?
do i need both tests (blood and urine) or is one better than the other?
do i need to fast for a fructosamine test?
do i need to follow a gluten-free diet if i have been diagnosed with celiac disease but have never had any symptoms?
do i need to have a liver biopsy?
do i need to have all three types of aat testing?
do i need to know my blood type?
do i need to let my other healthcare providers know that i am taking methotrexate?
do i need to stop taking any medications or are there any dietary restrictions for this test?
do i need to tell a new healthcare provider that i have a g6pd deficiency if i do not have any symptoms?
do i need to tell my other healthcare providers that i am receiving heparin?
do i need to tell other healthcare practitioners that i am on tnf inhibitor therapy?
do i really have to filter all of my urine for this test?
do i really need to save all of my urine for 24 hours?
do other group a strep cause other types of infections?
do rbc antibodies affect blood donation?
do rbc antibodies go away?
do silver teeth fillings contain mercury?
do some medicines interact badly with vancomycin?
do some people have an inherited (genetic) risk of abnormal bilirubin levels?
do the autoantibodies ica, iaa, gada, ia-2a or znt8a destroy the beta cells?
how are abnormal gh levels treated?
how are classifications of body weight determined?
how are deep vein thrombosis (dvt) and/or venous thromboembolism (vte) treated?
how are ovarian tumors treated?
how are pituitary tumors that produce prolactin (prolactinoma) treated?
how are shiga toxin-producing e. coli infections of the digestive tract treated?
how are testosterone levels used to monitor transgender individuals?
how are the newly approved oral anticoagulation drugs monitored?
how are these tests used?
how are the tests used?
how are they used?
how are vitamin a deficiencies treated?
how bad is the pain with kidney stones?
how can a diabetes educator help me?
how can chlamydia be prevented?
how can hpv be prevented?
how can i change my ptt?
how can i decrease my ldl-p?
how can i determine my risk of developing a blood clot?
how can i lower my vldl-c level?
how can i prevent a gi infection?
how can i prevent a parasitic infection?
how can i prevent a respiratory infection?
how can i prevent kidney stones?
how can i protect myself from getting a mrsa infection?
how can i tell if i am contagious and can spread the infection to others?
how can i tell if my cytomegalovirus (cmv) has reactivated?
how can i test my soil, water, or the paint on my house for heavy metals? 
how can my actual gfr be determined?
how can syphilis be prevented?
how can the doctor determine the sex of a baby with sex organs that are not clearly male or female?
how can the healthcare practitioner determine the sex of a baby with sex organs that are not clearly male or female?
how can trichomoniasis be prevented?
how common are b-cell gene rearrangements?
how common are t-cell lymphomas?
how common is alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency?
how common is heart failure?
how could i have gotten the virus without knowing it?
how deadly are strokes?
how does a bone marrow aspiration and/or biopsy compare with a bone marrow collection for donation?
how does a healthcare practitioner determine how much drug to give me?
how does a healthcare practitioner find a stone in my urinary tract?
how does a healthcare practitioner locate the carcinoid or neuroendocrine tumor?
how does a healthcare practitioner locate the carcinoid tumor?
how does bun change with age?
how does diet affect creatinine levels?
how does my healthcare practitioner tell whether a tumor is benign or cancerous?
how does the healthcare practitioner tell whether a tumor is benign or cancerous?
how does the test that i do at home myself compare with the results of a test done in a lab?
how do genes vary and how does pharmacogenetic testing work?
how do i know what to eat and where can i get help?
how do i know whether or not i should have testing done?
how do i tell if a high cortisol level isn't just from stress? 
how do microbes become resistant to antimicrobial drugs?
how do people get exposed? is touching these products enough to raise my blood lead level?
how do pharmacogenetic tests differ from genetic tests?
how do they decide what strains are in the vaccine each year?
how do you treat abnormal bilirubin levels and/or jaundice?
how effective is the skin test for allergies?
how else might my doctor evaluate the cell production in my bone marrow?
how else might my health practitioner use the measurement of shbg levels in my care?
how fast does autoimmune hepatitis progress?
how fast does pbc progress?
how is alzheimer disease definitively diagnosed?
how is an acetaminophen overdose treated?
how is anaphylaxis treated?
how is an egfr calculated?
how is an insulinoma treated?
how is a person with lupus anticoagulant treated?
how is a protein c or protein s deficiency treated?
how is a salicylate overdose treated?
how is a whooping cough treated?
how is chlamydia treated?
how is cryoglobulinemia treated?
how is diabetes insipidus different than diabetes mellitus?
how is diabetes treated?
how is epstein-barr virus (ebv) infection or infectious mononucleosis (mono) treated?
how is estimated average glucose (eag) calculated?
how is genetic testing for targeted cancer therapy used?
how is gestational diabetes treated?
how is heart failure treated?
how is hepatitis a treated?
how is hepatitis b treated?
how is hiv infection diagnosed?
how is hiv treated?
how is hpv treated?
how is hypoglycemia diagnosed?
how is it used?
how is leptin deficiency treated?
how is non-hdl cholesterol calculated?
how is phenytoin taken?
how is someone exposed to toxic metals?
how is the blood smear used?
how is the bmp different than the cmp and why would my doctor order one over the other?
how is the lipid panel used?
how is the serum osmolal gap calculated?
how is the testing used?
how is the test used?
how is transferrin saturation calculated?
how is treatment determined?
how is trichomoniasis treated?
how is valproic acid taken?
how large are kidney stones?
how long does antibiotic treatment for strep throat usually last?
how long does a premature neonate have to take caffeine?
how long does it take for amh results?
how long does it take for calr mutation test results?
how long does it take for egfr testing results?
how long does it take for nips results?
how long does it take for pd-l1 testing results?
how long does it take for results?
how long does it take for results to become available?
how long does it take to get results?
how long does it take to get results from a syphilis test?
how long do i have to be monitored?
how long is someone usually treated with heparin?
how long should i stay away from other people if i have a positive test result?
how long will a drug test detect thc after marijuana use?
how long will i have to receive heparin treatment? 
how long will i need to be on carbamazepine?
how long will i need to be on cyclosporine?
how long will i need to be on digoxin?
how long will i need to be on levetiracetam?
how long will i need to be on lithium?
how long will i need to be on mycophenolate?
how long will i need to be on phenytoin?
how long will i need to be on sirolimus?
how long will i need to be on tacrolimus?
how long will i need to be on valproic acid?
how long will it take for 17-hydroxyprogesterone results?
how long will it take for androstenedione test results?
how long will it take for hla-b27 results?
how long will it take for my calprotectin results?
how long will it take for my esr result?
how long will it take for my results?
how long will it take for my results to be available?
how long will it take for pml-rara testing results?
how long will it take for pregnenolone results?
how long will it take for results?
how long will it take for test results?
how long will it take for the medicine to work?
how long will it take to get my results?
how long will it take to get results?
how long will it take to get the results of my gastrin test? 
how long will it take to get the results of my test?
how long will it take to get the results of my test? 
how long will my phenobarbital level have to be monitored?
how many days after a miscarriage would it take for a urine pregnancy test to show a negative result?
how much vitamin d should i be getting each day?
 how serious is a case of infectious mononucleosis?
how serious is myasthenia gravis (mg)?
how soon after exposure to the virus do symptoms appear?
how treatable are abnormal red blood cell counts?
how widely available are liquid biopsies?
how would an er physician evaluate an unconscious person or a child who is unable to tell what he or she has taken?
i also had a test for thyroglobulin antibodies done. why?
i am an alcoholic, but i have quit drinking. will my ggt ever go back to normal?
i am a woman, so why do i need a testosterone test?
i am being treated with warfarin (coumadin®). should i avoid eating foods that are rich in vitamin k and will limiting these foods cause an increased risk of vitamin k deficiency?
i am on a low-dose aspirin regimen to prevent another heart attack. do i need to be monitored with salicylate tests?
i am on anticoagulant therapy. can i still have this test done?
i am pregnant; will i have both first and second trimester screening performed?
i am pregnant. will i have both first and second trimester screening performed?
i am taking the drug primidone. why is my doctor monitoring phenobarbital?
if a drop of blood on a slide contains millions of rbcs, thousands of wbcs, and hundreds of thousands of platelets, how can the laboratorian see individual cells?
if a mother has an incompatibility with one child, will she have them with all of her children? 
if bicarbonate levels are too high or low, what treatments can help?
if i am a smoker, does an elevated cea level mean i have cancer?
if i am diagnosed with gestational diabetes, will i need to monitor my glucose levels?
if i am diagnosed with strep, will an anti-dnase b or aso always be performed?
if i am diagnosed with strep, will an aso always be performed?
if i am menopausal and on hormone replacement therapy (hrt), is there ever a need to monitor my progesterone level?
if i can't absorb vitamin b12, how can i get enough?
if i consume foods fortified with calcium, would it change my laboratory results?
if i develop antibodies to one type of tnf inhibitor therapy, and i am switched to a different one, will i develop antibodies to the second tnf inhibitor?
if i get a liquid biopsy, will i still need a tissue biopsy?
if i get treated, can i get chlamydia again?
if i get treated, can i get syphilis again?
if i get treated, can i get trichomoniasis again?
if i have a hobby such as stained glass working but no symptoms, do i need to have a zpp test done?
if i have a low testosterone level, will taking supplemental testosterone help?
if i have ama, will the antibodies ever go away?
if i have an abnormal monoclonal immunoglobulin in my blood, does it mean that i have multiple myeloma or some other type of cancer?
if i have an abnormal result on my cbc, what other tests might my healthcare practitioner order as follow up?
if i have an abnormal result on my wbc differential, what other tests might my healthcare provider order?
if i have an abnormal wbc count, what other tests might my doctor order?
if i have a negative nips with my current pregnancy, will i need to repeat it with the next baby?
if i have an elevated b2m, does it mean that i have been exposed to cadmium or mercury?
if i have an elevated mma, why might my doctor hesitate to diagnose me with vitamin b12 deficiency?
if i have an elevated prolactin, why is my healthcare practitioner testing my thyroid?
if i have an elevated tryptase, does this mean i have mastocytosis?
if i have an hit antibody, will it eventually go away?
if i have antiphospholipid antibodies, will i definitely develop blood clots?
if i have a persistent cough and fever, why would my healthcare provider ask me where i have been traveling and what activities i have been doing?
if i have a positive urine protein test, what other tests might be done in follow up?
if i have been diagnosed with lupus, will it ever go away?
if i have cah, or my child does, should my family members be tested?
if i have cardiolipin antibodies, will i definitely develop blood clots?
if i have chest pain, does that mean i am having a heart attack?
if i have chest pain, does that mean i am having a heart attack? 
if i have diabetes, can i just test for glucose instead of ketones? 
if i have diabetes, should i have a fructosamine test?
if i have elevated cold agglutinins, is there anything i can do to make them go away or decrease them?
if i have genetic testing done, will i still need to be monitored with pt/inr tests?
if i have had a hepatitis a infection, can i get it again?
if i have had a kidney stone, should i avoid calcium?
if i have had a kidney stone, what foods or drinks should i avoid ?
if i have had a zika infection, can i get it again?
if i have had dengue fever, can i get it again?
if i have had ebv infection, can i still get mono?
if i have heavy menstrual periods, do i have von willebrand disease (vwd)?
if i have hepatitis a, how long will i be contagious?
if i have hepatitis, should i have a dcp test performed?
if i have liver cancer in my family, should i be tested for dcp?
if i have measles or mumps and develop complications, will they go away once the infection resolves?
if i have one antiphospholipid antibody, will i develop others? 
if i have or had cmv, can i spread it to others?
if i have the pml-rara gene, should my close family members be tested?
if i have the same mthfr gene mutations as a relative, why is my homocysteine level significantly different?
if i have undetectable hiv viral load, can i still spread the disease?
if i have viral hepatitis, am i contagious?
if i need to go on the insulin pump, will i need a c-peptide test?
if i think i have an allergy, should i have a histamine test done?
if i think i have an allergy, should i have a tryptase test done?
if it is possible that i have an hbv infection, will i need to have all these tests done?
if it is suspected that i have an excessive clotting disorder, what tests other than la might my doctor use to evaluate my condition?
if i've had a bicarbonate (total co2) test, why does my healthcare practitioner want to test my blood gases?
if lp(a) levels don't really change over my lifetime, why would my healthcare practitioner prescribe treatment?
if my afp is abnormal, do i need other tests?
if my blood smear shows abnormal results, what additional testing might be done?
if my doctor tells me to eat 100 grams of fat a day, can i vary it between 50 and 150 grams?
if my fibrinogen level is increased, what can i do to reduce it?
if my haptoglobin level is low, when will it return to normal?
if my healthcare provider thinks i have a fungal infection, why am i being tested for tuberculosis? 
if my o&p is positive, what is the treatment?
if my platelet count is abnormal, what follow-up tests might my healthcare practitioner order?
if my posture is important in the outcome of the results, how can i control it?
if my rbc count is out of range, what other tests might be done?
if my thyroid is removed, will i need to replace my calcitonin?
if one child in my family has strep throat, is everyone going to get sick?
if one of my children has cf, should my other children be tested?
i found out i am positive for htlv. what precautions should i take to avoid infecting others?
if the disease is very mild, why should i be tested?
if the ld test is not specific, how can it be clinically useful?
if the level of my histone antibodies decreases, can i take my drug again?
if there are no symptoms, how will i know if i have an abnormal phosphorus level?
if this antibody targets cyp450 2d6, why is it called anti-liver kidney microsome-1 (anti-lkm-1)?
i had a boil on my arm and the healthcare practitioner did not do a culture of the material when he drained it. why not?
i had a screening test for cholesterol. it was less than 200 mg/dl (5.18 mmol/l). do i need a lipid panel?
i have a strong family history of breast cancer. shouldn't i be screened for ca 15-3?
i have been sick for more than a week. why would my healthcare practitioner order a sputum culture now?
i have been taking prednisone (glucocorticoid medication) for some time. why would suddenly stopping it cause signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency?
i have had cholesterol tests but never an hs-crp test. why?
i heard that some athletes may be tested for hcg. why is that?
i heard there is another test that certain people should have before taking carbamazepine. what is it?
i know eating foods high in iron or taking iron supplements will increase my iron level, but will it also increase my ferritin level?
i'm a woman who has had the hpv vaccine. do i need cervical cancer screening?
i’m blood type o. do i have a chance of having a baby with abo hemolytic disease of the newborn?
i'm having a hard time getting pregnant. what tests do i need?
i’m having a hard time getting pregnant. what tests do i need?
in addition to acetaminophen levels, what other lab tests might be done?
in addition to a ptt, what other tests might be done?
in addition to a reticulocyte count, what other tests may be done?
in addition to aso, what other testing might be done?
in addition to factor v leiden and pt 2010, what other tests might be done to evaluate excessive clotting?
in addition to growth hormone testing, what other laboratory tests might be done?
in addition to lead, mercury, arsenic, cadmium and chromium, what are some other metals that may be tested?
in addition to mpa levels, what other tests might be ordered?
in addition to shbg, what other tests might be done?
in addition to stone testing, what other lab tests might be done?
in addition to the blood sample for this test, i was instructed to collect a urine sample. why?
is a1c reported the same way around the world?
is a cd4 cell count used in conditions other than hiv infection?
is acetaminophen dangerous if used appropriately?
is act ever done in the central laboratory?
is a haptoglobin test used for anything else?
is a home sperm count test available?
is ammonia testing used to detect or monitor ammonia poisoning?
is an egfr always calculated when a creatinine test is ordered?
is anyone at greater risk of abnormal hemoglobin levels?
is anyone at high risk for abnormal albumin levels?
is anyone at particular risk for low or high sodium levels?
is anyone more at risk for abnormal hematocrit values? 
is a pleural effusion serious?
is ca-125 always increased in ovarian cancer?
is calcitonin ever used as a supplement?
is electrophoresis used for anything else?
is fortifying milk and cereals with vitamin d a good practice?
is gbs considered a sexually transmitted disease (std)?
is hs-crp specific for predicting heart disease?
is it important to determine which mutation i have?
is it important to use the same lab each time i have a ca 19-9 test done?
is it necessary to do both blood and urine tests?
is it necessary to perform asca testing more than once?
is it necessary to repeat a kras mutation test?
is it necessary to repeat an alk mutation test?
is it necessary to use both he4 and ca-125?
is it ok for pregnant women and young children to eat fish?
is it possible to prevent a group b strep (gbs) infection in newborns?
is it really necessary to collect urine for 24 hours?
is it really necessary to continue treatment for a long period of time? 
is it really necessary to follow the dietary restrictions?
is it really necessary to lie down before testing?
is it really necessary to save all of my urine over 5 hours?
is it safe to donate and receive blood?
is mononucleosis really a "kissing disease"?
is my blood type (abo) related to my hla genes and antigens?
is pharmacogenetic testing required before taking certain drugs?
is progesterone used as treatment?
is sample collection critical for lupus anticoagulant (la) testing?
is shingles contagious?
is sirolimus given to patients who receive organs other than kidneys or have other conditions?
is testing before treatment really necessary?
is the amount of amniotic fluid present important?
is the breath test used for other things?
is the calr mutation hereditary?
is the ck test used for purposes other than detecting skeletal muscle damage?
is the ptt always used to monitor heparin therapy?
is there a blood test for legionella?
is there a blood test for rsv?
is there a home test for albumin levels?
is there a home test for fsh?
is there a home test for hemoglobin a1c?
is there a home test for lh?
is there a home test i can use to check my potassium level?
is there any other way to measure my oxygen levels?
is there anything else i should know?
is there anything i can do to affect my anti-dsdna level?
is there anything i can do to decrease my anticentromere antibody level?
is there anything i can do to decrease my lactate level?
is there anything i can do to get rid of lupus anticoagulant?
is there anything i can do to get rid of the alcohol in my system faster?
is there anything i can do to increase protein c and protein s levels?
is there anything i can do to lower my ck level?
is there anything i can do to lower my ige level?
is there anything i can do to lower my ld?
is there anything i can do to prevent albuminuria (microalbuminuria)?
is there anything i can do to prevent getting achr binding antibodies?
is there anything i can do to prevent getting musk binding antibodies?
is there anything i can do to prevent or get rid of antiphospholipid antibodies?
is there anything i can do to raise or lower my thyroglobulin level?
is there any way to cure iron overload?
is there any way to lower my lp(a)?
is there any way to prevent a pheochromocytoma from forming?
is there any way to prevent getting a parvovirus b19 infection?
is there any way to prevent getting cmv?
is there a reason to choose one type of sample (blood, bone marrow, or tissue) over another for testing?
is there a reason to repeat a xylose test?
is there a reason to test a "peak" sample when my tnf inhibitor should be at its highest level, or a random sample (neither peak nor trough)?
is there a reason to test for apoe genotype more than once?
is there a treatment for low epo?
is there a urine test for bilirubin?
is there a vaccine for west nile virus (wnv)?
is there a vaccine like the flu shot to prevent rsv?
is there a way to naturally increase my testosterone?
is there a way to prevent hepatitis a?
is there a way to prevent viral hepatitis?
is there something i can do to alter my immunoglobulin levels?
is there something i can do to get rid of my cryoglobulins?
is there treatment available for lactose intolerance?
is there treatment for vwd?
is the time of day a factor when collecting a urine sample?
is this test different than a platelet function test?
is this test recommended for everyone with cancer?
is this test used for other purposes?
is this test used for purposes other than detecting problems with the adrenal gland, ovaries or testicles?
is this the same parvovirus that affects dogs and cats? can i catch it from my pet?
is toxoplasmosis contagious?
is toxoplasmosis treatable?
is vitamin d a necessary component of calcium supplements?
i've had pneumonia before and currently have asthma. why has my doctor never ordered this test for me?
i've had strep throat before and was treated with antibiotics. can i get it again?
i’ve heard of a stool dna test for colon cancer screening. what is it?
i’ve heard of trinder's test for salicylates. what is it?
i’ve heard of "ultrasensitive psa." what is it?
i’ve heard some athletes are tested for epo. why?
i’ve recently been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. will i need to monitor my glucose levels every day?
i was diagnosed with ductal-carcinoma in situ. will hormone receptor testing be done?
i will have several thyroglobulin tests done over time. why do i need to have them done at the same lab?
like a flu test or strep test, can this test be performed in my healthcare practitioner's office?
like the rapid strep test, can the anti-dnase b test be performed in my doctor's office?
my allergy symptoms are generally mild. how serious is this really?
my allergy test was negative, but i continue to have symptoms. what else could it be?
my bicarbonate level is only slightly out of range. what does this mean?
my bun result is slightly out of range. what does this mean?
my cbc report includes a result for immature granulocytes (ig). what are they?
my cbc report includes a result for immature platelet fraction (ipf). what is it?
my cbc report includes a result for reticulocyte hemoglobin. what is it?
my chloride level is only slightly out of range. what does this mean?
my complete blood count (cbc) report includes a result for immature granulocytes (ig). what are they?
my complete blood count (cbc) report includes a result for immature platelet fraction (ipf). what is it?
my complete blood count (cbc) report includes a result for reticulocyte hemoglobin. what is it?
my creatinine result is slightly out of range. what does this mean?
my doctor instructed me to take my iron supplement and then have an iron test done. why would that be?
my doctor ordered a stool osmolality test. why?
my doctor ordered a test for albumin-corrected calcium. what is it?
my doctor ordered more blood cultures after the initial cultures were drawn. why?
my doctor ordered only a 4-test ena panel, not a 6-test ena panel. will something be missed?
my doctor told me that my extra acth is not produced in my pituitary gland. what is going on?
my father has been diagnosed with early onset alzheimer disease. can my doctor tell if my father has a genetic mutation without a blood test?
my father has been diagnosed with probable late onset alzheimer disease and his apoe genotype test is negative for e4 alleles. should his doctor be doing other genetic testing?
my healthcare practitioner ordered a test for thiopurine metabolites. what is it and how is it related to tpmt testing?
my healthcare practitioner said i had symptoms of a urinary tract infection and prescribed antibiotics without performing a urine culture. why?
my healthcare practitioner says my viral load is too low for drug resistance testing. why?
my healthcare practitioner's office called to say they need a new urine sample, the first was contaminated. what happened?
my iron level is normal, but my ferritin level is low. why is that?
my lab report includes a cholesterol ratio. what is it?
my mother was diagnosed as having porphyria many years ago but has not had any symptoms since then. why is this?
my newborn had a free t4 test. why?
my newborn had a homocysteine test done. why?
my newborn had an immunoglobulin test. why?
my newborn had an mma test done. why?
my newborn had a tsh test done. why?
my platelet count is low. how can i increase it?
my potassium level is only slightly out of range. what does this mean?
my pt/inr results vary sometimes, yet my doctor doesn’t change my prescription. why?
my rbc count is slightly out of range. what does this mean?
my report includes an m/e ratio. what is it?
my report includes mean platelet volume (mpv) and platelet distribution width (pdw). what are they?
my report mentions a "left shift." what does this mean?
my report mentions "giant platelets." what are they?
my sodium level is only slightly out of range. what does this mean?
my uric acid level is high, but i don't have gout. what does this mean?
once i have been treated and/or recovered from hepatitis c, can i get infected again?
once i have been treated, can my infection return? 
once i have been treated for a bacterial lower respiratory tract infection, can the infection return?
once i have developed tnf inhibitor antibodies, will they go away?
once i have gestational diabetes, will i continue to have diabetes after delivery?
once i've had a parasitic infection, can i be re-infected?
once i've had a pathogenic bacterial infection, can i be re-infected?
one of the results from my bmp is slightly out of range. what does this mean?
one of the results from my electrolyte panel is slightly out of range. what does this mean?
one of the results from my renal panel is slightly out of range. what does this mean?
other than organ and tissue compatibility testing, what else is hla gene and antigen testing used for?
other than stool tests, are there other ways of screening for colon cancer?
other than stool tests, are there other ways to screen for colon cancer?
sample required?
should all antibiotic therapy be monitored like aminoglycosides?
should athletes and others pay particular attention to re-hydrating after playing sports or exercising to keep their sodium levels up?
should both a lactoferrin and a calprotectin test be done?
should everyone be tested for antiphospholipid antibodies?
should everyone be tested for arboviruses?
should everyone be tested for ccp antibody?
should everyone be tested for cyp2c19 gene variations?
should everyone be tested for htlv-i/ii?
should everyone be tested for measles and mumps immunity?
should everyone be tested for toxoplasmosis?
should everyone have an hla-b27 test done?
should everyone have an intrinsic factor antibody test?
should everyone have an lp(a) test done?
should everyone have an lp-pla2 test? 
should everyone have an rbc antibody screen performed?
should everyone have an smrp test to screen for mesothelioma?
should everyone have a parietal cell antibody test?
should everyone have a serum free light chain test?
should everyone have a zpp test?
should everyone have bone marker testing performed?
should everyone have lactose tolerance testing?
should everyone have pharmacogenetic tests performed?
should everyone have platelet function tests?
should everyone have their apoe genotype tested?
should everyone have their b vitamin levels checked?
should everyone have their levels of trace minerals tested? 
should everyone have this testing done?
should everyone have vitamin b12 and folate tests?
should everyone who is overweight have a leptin test performed?
should everyone who takes aspirin regularly have a salicylate test performed?
should everyone with cancer have genetic testing performed?
should everyone with cancer have kras mutation testing?
should everyone with flu-like symptoms be tested for legionella?
should everyone with leukemia be tested?
should everyone with liver damage be tested for liver kidney microsome type 1 antibodies (anti-lkm-1)?
should everyone with lung cancer have alk mutation testing?
should everyone with muscle pain and weakness have a ck test?
should everyone with muscle pain and weakness have a myoglobin test?
should everyone with suspected tuberculosis have an ada test performed?
should every pregnant woman have a folate test?
should every pregnant woman have amniotic fluid analysis?
should every woman be treated with antibiotics for gbs during delivery or during pregnancy?
should family members be tested?
should i ask my healthcare practitioner about having nips performed?
should i be concerned if my doctor only orders a total calcium test and not free or ionized calcium?
should i be taking copper supplements or trying to get more copper in my diet?
should i be tested for htlv-i/ii if i have some of the risk factors?
should i eat more protein to make up for lost protein?
should i get a flu shot?
should i get a tuberculosis screening test if i am pregnant?
should i get a tuberculosis skin test if i am pregnant?
should i get the hbv vaccine?
should i have a pt done at the same time of day?
should i have a test for ca 27.29 in addition to the ca 15-3 test?
should i have both the serotonin and 5-hiaa tests performed?
should i have more than one multiparameter gene expression test done?
should i just take iron supplements?
should i take magnesium supplements? and if so, how much?
should i take mineral supplements? 
should i tell all my healthcare providers about being diagnosed with drug-induced lupus?
should i tell all of my doctors if i have cah?
should i tell all of my doctors that i am taking theophylline?
should i tell all of my healthcare practitioners if i have cah?
should i tell all of my healthcare practitioners that i have an hit antibody?
should i tell a new healthcare practitioner that i have antiphospholipid antibodies?
should i tell a new healthcare provider that i have cardiolipin antibodies?
should i tell my dentist or other healthcare providers about my antithrombin deficiency?
should i tell my healthcare providers that i am taking clopidogrel?
should i tell my other doctors i have von willebrand disease?
should i tell my other healthcare providers about my cyp2c19 test results?
should i tell my other healthcare providers that i am taking mycophenolate?
should i tell my other healthcare providers that i am taking sirolimus?
should i tell my other healthcare providers that i am taking tacrolimus?
should i tell my partner that i have chlamydia?
should i tell my partner that i have syphilis?
should i tell my partner that i have trichomoniasis?
should i tell other doctors about my warfarin sensitivity?
should my other family members be tested for warfarin sensitivity?
shouldn't someone with a family history of diabetes have a fructosamine test?
should pregnant women be vaccinated for rubella?
should relatives of someone with an inherited protein c or protein s deficiency be tested?
should someone with a factor v leiden mutation be on long-term anticoagulant therapy?
test preparation needed?
the names htlv and hiv look and sound similar – are these diseases related?
the results of my hepatitis panel came back negative. what other conditions can cause similar symptoms?
what are aldosterone stimulation and suppression tests?
what are appropriate treatments for the common causes of low potassium (hypokalemia) and high potassium (hyperkalemia)?
what are autoantibodies?
what are bence jones proteins?
what are cardiac biomarkers?
what are chemistry panels?
what are chronic inflammatory diseases?
what are congenital (inherited) dysfibrinogenemia, hypofibrinogenemia and afibrinogenemia?
what are estrogen receptors?
what are free light chains and how are they related to immunoglobulins?
what are genetic tests for targeted cancer therapy?
what are globulin proteins and how are they measured in blood?
what are my treatment options?
what are phytoestrogens and environmental estrogens?
what are some additional details on la testing results?
what are some causes of anemia besides iron deficiency?
what are some common opportunistic infections i might get if i have an hiv infection?
what are some common risk factors for inappropriate blood clotting?
what are some examples of these tests?
what are some good dietary sources of potassium?
what are some good sources of folic acid and vitamins b6 and b12?
what are some of the specific methods used to analyze kidney stones?
what are some other details about b cells?
what are some other details about t cells?
what are some other risk factors for ovarian cancer?
what are some other tests that may be done to determine the underlying cause of cryoglobulinemia?
what are some other tests that may be done when the psa level is only slightly elevated to help decide whether a prostate cancer is present?
what are some other tests that might be done to detect iron deficiency or iron overload?
what are some serious side effects of levetiracetam?
what are some side effects of immunotherapy?
what are some tests that may be done in follow up?
what are some tests that may be done to help decide whether a prostate cancer is likely to be fast-growing and spread (metastasize) and therefore should be removed rather than watched?
what are some traditional tests for respiratory infections?
what are some types of lab methods used for this testing?
what are symptoms of low magnesium?
what are the causes of primary adrenal insufficiency?
what are the dietary sources of vitamin a?
what are the long-term consequences of pancreatitis?
what are the main risk factors for pancreatic cancer?
what are the other parts of the innate immune system?
what are the pros and cons of the tpmt phenotype test and the genotype test?
what are the reasons to test for a specific hla gene allele?
what are the recommendations for rubella vaccination?
what are the recommended dietary allowances (rda) for b vitamins?
what are the recommended dietary allowances (rda) for vitamin a?
what are the risk factors for liver cancer?
what are the risk factors for preterm labor and delivery?
what are the treatment options for bacterial infections?
what are the usual treatments for diabetes?
what are total testosterone, free testosterone, and bioavailable testosterone?
what are tumor markers?
what can be done about post-lumbar puncture pain?
what can cause a false-negative urine hcg?
what can cause a false-positive result?
what can cause false-positive results in a marijuana test?
what can i do to avoid getting a bacterial infection of the digestive tract?
what can i do to avoid the symptoms of cold agglutinin disease?
what can i do to change my histone antibody level?
what can i do to decrease my calprotectin?
what can i do to decrease my lactoferrin?
what can i do to help prevent formation of a neural tube defect?
what can i do to increase or decrease bone marker results?
what can i do to lower my apo b?
what can i do to lower my crp level?
what can i do to lower or increase leptin levels?
what can i do to make my creatinine level normal?
what can i do to prevent a kidney stone and prevent recurrence?
what can i do to prevent the spread of strep throat?
what can i do to protect against arboviruses?
what can i do to protect against west nile virus?
what can i do to raise my apo a-i?
what can i do to reduce my exposure to mercury?
what can i do to take care of myself if i have alpha-1 antitrypsin (aat) deficiency?
what causes inflammation?
what causes male infertility?
what causes pancreatic insufficiency?
what causes primary biliary cholangitis (pbc)?
what causes sarcoidosis?
what causes the autoimmune disorders associated with hla-b27?
what complications can occur if the infection is not properly treated?
what conditions are treated with growth hormone therapy?
what conditions or other factors can affect haptoglobin levels?
what conditions other than liver problems can cause increased alt?
what conditions other than liver problems can cause increased ast?
what could cause apob and ldl levels to stay high despite lifestyle changes?
what diseases can a cbc detect?
what do changes in my esr mean?
what does heart attack mean?
what does the glucose drink taste like?
what does the test result mean?
what does the test result mean (adults)?
what does the test result mean (children, teens and young adults)?
what does vitamin d have to do with pth?
what do the results mean?
what drugs can affect the serotonin test?
what drugs can cause rhabdomyolysis?
what else can cause acute diarrhea?
what else can cause a low platelet count (thrombocytopenia)?
what else can cause diarrhea?
what else is known about c-peptide?
what else is methotrexate used for?
what food and medications can affect pt and inr results?
what foods are high in calcium?
what foods can i eat to increase the iron in my diet?
what foods contain the most iron?
what happened before the rhig (rh immune globulin) injection was developed?
what happens if my healthcare practitioner needs more information than the gram stain provides?
what happens if my infection goes untreated?
what if i am not sure if i am having a heart attack?
what if i have a tst and it is more than 72 hours before i go back to have it evaluated?
what if my breast cancer does not meet a gene expression test's criteria?
what is a 3rd generation tsh and an ultrasensitive tsh?
what is a bun/creatinine ratio?
what is a bun to creatinine ratio?
what is a cardiac risk assessment?
what is a corrected reticulocyte count (crc)?
what is ada deficiency?
what is addison disease?
what is a direct ldl cholesterol test?
what is a gh stimulation test?
what is a gh suppression test?
what is aldolase?
what is a lumbar puncture (spinal tap) and how is it performed?
what is amas?
what is amniocentesis and how is it performed?
what is an adrenal crisis?
what is an aldosterone/renin ratio (arr?)
what is an aso test and how is it used to detect a strep infection?
what is an ectopic pregnancy?
what is a neural tube defect?
what is an insulin tolerance test?
what is anion gap?
what is an la-sensitive ptt and how does it differ from regular ptt?
what is an ld isoenzymes test?
what is a reptilase time (rt) and how is it used?
what is a reticulocyte production index (rpi)?
what is arthrocentesis and how is it performed?
what is asbestos and how does it cause mesothelioma?
what is a struvite stone and what causes it?
what is a water deprivation adh stimulation test?
what is a water loading adh suppression test?
what is bartter syndrome?
what is being tested?
what is ck index?
what is creatine? if i take creatine, will my creatinine levels go up?
what is down syndrome?
what is edwards syndrome?
what is fti?
what is gluten and what contains gluten?
what is graft versus host disease (gvhd)?
what is hepatitis d (hdv) and how is it associated with hepatitis b?
what is hit type i and how does it differ from hit type ii?
what is hiv phenotypic resistance testing?
what is hiv provirus?
what is immature reticulocyte fraction (irf)?
what is included in a cbc?
what is intraoperative pth and why is it done?
what is ldl particle testing?
what is lupus anticoagulant?
what is macroprolactin?
what is menkes kinky hair syndrome?
what is paracentesis and how is it performed?
what is pericardiocentesis and how is it performed?
what is pharmacogenetics?
what is primary amyloidosis?
what is psa isoform p2psa?
what is reverse t3?
what is rhabdomyolysis?
what is the clinical relevance of factor v r2 mutation?
what is the difference between celiac disease and an allergy to wheat and other grains?
what is the difference between chronic myelogenous leukemia and chronic myeloid leukemia?
what is the difference between crp and hs-crp tests?
what is the difference between cushing disease and cushing syndrome?
what is the difference between egfr (also known as her-1) and her-2?
what is the difference between group a and group b streptococcus?
what is the difference between multidrug-resistant tb (mdr-tb) and extensively-resistant tb (xdr-tb)?
what is the difference between osmolality and osmolarity?
what is the difference between p-amylase and s-amylase?
what is the difference between prealbumin, serum/plasma albumin, and urine albumin tests?
what is the difference between primary cvd treatment and secondary treatment?
what is the difference between regular crp and hs-crp tests?
what is the difference between serum/plasma albumin, prealbumin, and urine albumin tests?
what is the difference between tests for fibrinogen, d-dimer, and fibrin degradation products (fdp)?
what is the difference between urine osmolality and specific gravity?
what is the formula for calculating osmolality?
what is the formula used to calculate ldl-c?
what is the lactate/pyruvate ratio and how is it used?
what is the prostate health index (phi)?
what is therapeutic drug monitoring (tdm)?
what is the recommended dietary salt intake?
what is the t3 uptake test?
what is the treatment for an electrolyte imbalance?
what is the treatment for hcv?
what is the treatment for hemoglobinopathy?
what is the treatment for male infertility?
what is the treatment for rsv?
what is the treatment for sepsis?
what is thimerosal?
what is thoracentesis and how is it performed?
what is transient hypogammaglobulinemia of infancy (thi)?
what is vldl and how does it relate to triglyceride?
what is von willebrand factor?
what is zollinger-ellison syndrome?
what kind of procedures might follow a positive fobt or fit?
what medications can affect a tsh test?
what medications can affect thyroid testing?
what occupations might result in lead exposure?
what other antiepileptic drugs (aeds) are there?
what other conditions may alter ferritin levels?
what other factors affect the transferrin level?
what other findings might suggest kidney dysfunction?
what other laboratory tests may be done if i have a bone disorder?
what other laboratory tests might be done if i or my child has a negative cymotrypsin test?
what other laboratory tests might be done if i or my child has a normal elastase test?
what other laboratory tests might my healthcare practitioner perform?
what other lab tests may be done?
what other lab tests may be performed?
what other lab tests might be done?
what other lab tests might be ordered after i begin taking lithium?
what other micronutrients are required by the body? 
what other minerals are required by the body? 
what other procedures might my healthcare practitioner order if my d-dimer is positive?
what other procedures will my healthcare practitioner likely order along with ca 19-9?
what other stool screening tests are available?
what other testing might be done?
what other tests are available for allergy testing?
what other tests are used to diagnose sarcoidosis?
what other tests are used to evaluate liver disorders?
what other tests are used to help determine the risk of preterm delivery?
what other tests are used with the blood urea nitrogen test to check how my kidneys are functioning?
what other tests besides those included in a renal panel might be ordered to assess kidney function?
what other tests could be useful in assessing pth?
what other tests detect a heart attack? 
what other tests may be done if a systemic bacterial infection or sepsis is suspected?
what other tests may be done in addition to a hematocrit?
what other tests may be done in addition to csf testing?
what other tests may be done in addition to hemoglobin?
what other tests may be done to evaluate an elevated prolactin?
what other tests may be done to evaluate kidney function?
what other tests may be done to rule out secondary (reactive) causes of increased eosinophils?
what other tests may be performed?
what other tests may be performed to help determine the cause of liver damage?
what other tests may be used to assess cardiac risk?
what other tests may be used to help determine the cause of liver damage?
what other tests might be done?
what other tests might be ordered?
what other tests might be ordered in emergency or overdose cases?
what other tests might my doctor order besides esr?
what other tests might my doctor order in evaluating me for ra?
what other tests might my doctor order to diagnose my flu-like symptoms?
what other tests might my healthcare practitioner do to check pancreas function?
what other tests might my healthcare provider recommend if my child has cf?
what other tumor marker tests may be ordered?
what products in the u.s. still contain lead, besides paint and ceramics?
what proportion of infertility cases are caused by male fertility problems?
what puts me at risk for recurrent urinary tract infections?
what should i ask my healthcare practitioner before taking prescription opioids?
what should i do if i forget to save one urine sample during the collection?
what should i do if i forget to take my medication on time?
what signs and symptoms are seen with deficient gh and igf-1?
what signs and symptoms are seen with excess gh and igf-1 production?
what steps should a pregnant woman (or anyone else) take to prevent toxoplasmosis infection?
what strategies can be used to lower triglyceride levels?
what tests are usually done to evaluate a person for alzheimer disease?
what tests may be done in follow up to an abnormal liver panel to help determine the cause of liver injury?
what treatment is prescribed for abnormal chloride levels?
what treatments are recommended for high ldl-c levels?
what treatments are recommended for high non-hdl-c levels?
what treatments are recommended for low hdl-c levels?
what treatments are recommended if i have unhealthy lipid levels?
what type of nutrition is recommended for optimal protein levels?
what type of sample is used?
what type of testing is used to confirm infection with these microorganisms?
what types of fish have higher levels of mercury?
what types of infections can lead to sepsis?
when are the tests ordered?
when are they ordered?
when can my child go back to school?
when do people typically get measles and mumps vaccinations?
when i look on the internet for information about safe and unsafe drugs, different sites use different classifications and the lists are not the same. why is this?
when is a blood hcg test ordered instead of a urine hcg?
when is it ordered?
when is the pertussis vaccine given?
when my increased ammonia level has returned to normal, can it rise again?
when to get tested?
where are mycophenolic acid tests performed?
where are sirolimus tests performed?
where can i get tested?
who are universal blood donors and recipients?
who is at risk for antiphospholipid syndrome?
who is at risk for liver disease and/or damage?
who is at risk for sickle cell disease?
who is at risk of sepsis?
who needs iron supplements?
who orders cyclosporine tests?
who orders digoxin tests?
who orders lithium tests?
who orders sirolimus tests?
who orders tacrolimus tests?
who performs a kidney stone analysis?
who performs arbovirus testing?
who performs mthfr testing?
who should take iron supplements?
why am i only tested once?
why are aminoglycosides used at all if they can cause permanent hearing loss?
why are factors such as age, sex, and race used in egfr calculations?
why are my a1c and blood glucose different?
why aren't antibiotics a recommended treatment for an infection with shiga toxin-producing e. coli ?
why are some inherited bleeding disorders more severe than others?
why are these tests important?
why can blood culture results take so long?
why did i get sick eating something when i travelled internationally, but the locals who ate the same thing did not get sick?
why did my doctor report my child's whooping cough? 
why didn't my healthcare practitioner check my thyroglobulin level before removing my thyroid?
why does insulin have to be injected?
why does it need to be a fresh stool sample?
why does my doctor want me to go to the same laboratory each time i have my hiv viral load tested?
why does my doctor want to know all of the medications and supplements i am taking?
why does my doctor want to send a second stfr test to the same laboratory as the first test?
why does my lab report also list carboxyhemoglobin? what is it?
why doesn't a drug screen measure all drugs?
why does the healthcare practitioner need a 24-hour urine sample if a random sample has already been tested?
why does the karyotype take several days to perform?
why do i have to collect my urine for 24 hours?
why do i need a spinal tap? why can't my blood or urine be tested?
why do i need to avoid live vaccines while i am taking methotrexate?
why get tested?
why hasn't the automated blood cell counter totally replaced the blood smear?
why haven't i heard about mycoplasmas?
why is every newborn screened for hemoglobinopathies?
why is having syphilis a problem during pregnancy?
why is it called legionnaires disease?
why is it important to have my blood drawn for my digoxin test at a certain time?
why is mono sometimes called "the kissing disease"?
why is my family history important?
why is my healthcare practitioner not screening me for ca 19-9?
why is my healthcare provider asking me to take my tb medication in the presence of a nurse?
why is my healthcare provider testing me for 21-hydroxylase autoantibodies and/or adrenal cytoplasmic autoantibodies?
why is my travel history important to my healthcare practitioner?
why isn't a gram stain performed on all samples sent for culture?
why isn’t ca-125 used to screen for ovarian cancer?
why isn’t calcitonin testing performed as a routine screen?
why isn't erythropoietin measured to monitor erythropoietin drug therapy?
why isn't vancomycin more widely used?
why is pharmacogenetics important?
why is tdm important?
why is the detection of g6pd deficiency important?
why is the fasting blood sample collected?
why is the flu such a big deal?
why is the hiv rna test used to test newborns for hiv infection?
why is this pattern of prevalence seen?
why is this testing important?
why might a healthcare practitioner test for only one specific opioid?
why might a healthcare provider only test for a single drug?
why might an er doctor test a person for acetaminophen if he or she denies taking it?
why might it take a long time to be diagnosed with lupus?
why might my healthcare provider repeat my egfr test?
why might one person get an infection and another person not?
why must the stool sample be fresh?
why must the stool sample for culture be fresh?
why not just order an iron test?
why not use the ffn test after 35 weeks?
why should aspirin not be given to children?
why shouldn't i take an over the counter anti-diarrhea medicine?
why shouldn't i take an over the counter anti-diarrhea medicine when i have infectious diarrhea?
why shouldn't i take anti-diarrheal medication if i have a shiga toxin-producing e.coli infection of the gastrointestinal system?
why would a chromosome analysis be done more than once?
why would a healthcare practitioner choose to measure lactate in a blood sample from an artery rather than blood from a vein?
why would a man need a test for fsh and lh? i thought these were female hormones.
why would an athlete be tested for sickle cell trait?
why would an er doctor want to know about all other medications and supplements that a person has taken when it is known that the person has taken a large quantity of a specific drug? 
why would a separate test be ordered for fungus or an afb smear and culture?
why would athletes be tested for growth hormone?
why would a urine creatinine be ordered along with a urine drug test?
why would collection of a urine sample need to be observed by a healthcare professional?
why would dna sequencing be done as part of sickle cell testing?
why would malabsorption cause vitamin deficiency?
why would my healthcare practitioner collect more than one sample?
why would my healthcare practitioner collect more than one sputum sample?
why would my healthcare practitioner order a "baseline" serum free light chain test?
why would my healthcare practitioner order an lp(a) more than once?
why would my healthcare practitioner want me to wait to test my lipids?
why would my healthcare provider not monitor my ovarian cancer with he4?
why would my healthcare provider order additional tests?
why would my healthcare provider recommend a folate supplement when i am taking methotrexate?
why would someone be tested for a drug that is legal?
why would someone be tested for something that is legal?
will a blood transfusion affect reticulocyte results?
will a high protein diet raise my total protein level?
will an o&amp;p detect all parasites?
will anti-lkm-1 ever go away?
will asca go away once they have developed?
will every person with cancer have a cea test performed?
will exercise affect my creatinine levels?
will exercise, nutrition, and other lifestyle modifications help decrease my hiv viral load?
will factor v leiden or pt 20210 ever go away?
will i be given general anesthesia for a bone marrow aspiration and/or biopsy?
will i be monitored differently after the test?
will i be tested if i am taking oral vancomycin?
will i have all or just some of these bone markers tested?
will i have gestational diabetes with subsequent pregnancies?
will i need to have this test done more than once?
will latent porphyria affect my health?
will my allergies ever go away?
will my anticentromere antibody ever go away?
will my anti-dsdna ever go away?
will my antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (anca) ever go away?
will my ccp antibody ever go away?
will my doctor order free carbamazepine or carbamazepine-10,11-epoxide frequently?
will my ena autoantibodies ever go away?
will my fungal infection eventually resolve itself without treatment? 
will my platelet function change over time?
will my results be accurate if i must continue to take my medication?
will my wbc antigens change?
will pca3 testing detect all prostate cancers?
will phenobarbital affect other medicines that i am taking?
will psa testing detect all prostate cancers?
will smooth muscle antibody (sma) ever go away?
will taking aspirin at normal dosage cause complications?
will these tests always be run as a panel?
will this cf gene mutation panel detect any other genetic diseases?
will this test tell me the sex of my baby?
would a doctor ever prescribe an antibiotic without or before performing a culture?
would this testing also be performed on a man?
would this testing and drug therapy be useful for other types of cancer?
